[DOCS-1668] Document planned removal of custom grid workspace layout (#1467)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/features/panels/_index.md

### Manage a section's panels
Sections with a large number of panels are paginated by default. The default number of panels on a page depend on the panel's configuration and on the sizes of the panels in the section.

{{% alert %}}

> The **Custom grid** layout will soon be removed. For that reason, you can no longer update a workspace to use it, but you can manually update a workspace that uses **Custom grid** to **Standard grid**. When the **Custom grid** layout is removed, workspaces will be updated to use the default layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Custom grid** layout will soon be removed. W&B suggests that you no longer use Custom grid layouts. Consider updating your workspace from **Custom grid** to **Standard grid**.

When the **Custom grid** layout is removed, workspaces will be updated to use the **Standard grid** layout, which will no longer be configurable.
```

Unsure about the last sentence, is standard grid the default layout? If nay, forget the last sentence.
